#100DaysOfCode Log - Round 2 - [RODRIGO BONZERR S. LOPEZ]
The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [AUGUST 3, SATURDAY, 2019].

Log
#Day 0: AUGUST 3, 2019
Progress: I wrote an article in my freetutorial site https://rbslfreetutorial.wordpress.com/2019/08/03/100-days-of-code-achievement/ and 
I've decided to continue with my FCC Landing page and try to reverse engineer the challenge due to one of the jobs that I've tried to apply
asked on whether I can create a website out of a pdf file format. 

#Day 1: AUGUST 4, 2019
Progress: Today I learned that Hostgator can be access through personal billing information of the owner and ccpanel for developers. 
I am also currently working on the FCC challenge and I can't seem to be able to make the Font-Awesome work and read about some CSS selectors
Link:https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/setup/getting-started
https://techbrij.com/css-selector-adjacent-child-sibling.

#Day 2: AUGUST 5, 2019
Progress:I was able to fix the header position and fixed the navbar together with the header logo. I also placed the font-awesome 
icon cdn on the head element and it finally worked. Having problems with with fixed header overlapping while scrolling. The btn seems to
be not adapting the color i've set only except when hovered.

#Day 3: AUGUST 6, 2019
Progress: 
Already accomplish the user stories from the fcc challenge, now working on responsiveness and aesthetics and still 
troubleshooting the concern with the header and found out that it was a mere issue of vw width, Also worked on the 
btn color and I made a mistake with the css selector that was why the original color was not working when the mouse 
was not hovering.Also worked on the Pricing section and footer section. Still continuing with reverse engineering the landing page and
trying to recreate the page. Still needs some work with media querries, property positioning and responsiveness.

#Day 4: AUGUST 7, 2019
Progress:
Currently working on the media querries at max-width 650px of the header area, trying to find out how arrange the rows of the nav-bar. 
There is also an issue with the logo not scrolling down. 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/full/QeMgxx

#Day 5: AUGUST 8, 2019 
Progress: Worked on the alignment of the section features,was able to fix and align the icons properly. I learned that you
can use a different flex-direction for media querries to re-arrange the nav ul elements into a column. 
Trying to find out how to arrange them into a center position when resized.
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/full/QeMgxx

#Day 6: AUGUST 9, 2019 
Progress: 
Currently worked on the footer section, was able to arrange the margin when resized and
applied media queries at max-width 600px. Also fixed the boxes into a column once 
resized. Trying to figure out how to place into the center the text inside of the cards.
I'm thinking about adding some more media querries for different screen sizes besides
max-width 800px and max-width 650px for more responsiveness option for different
screen devices. 

Link to works:
Original Site: https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL (freecodecamp)
Reversed Engineered Site by Rodrigo lopez: https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/full/QeMgxx


#Day 7: AUGUST 10, 2019 
Progress: I Can't seem to figure out why a scroll bar is appearing in the footer when I resize it the page.
I was able to solve the issue on centering the text in the product section by applying float:none property. 
I also watched youtube videos about APIs and trying to figure out on how to 
use them. Also looked into a json crash course by traversy media.
I did some editing in the computation of the student excel automatic gradesheet 
I made. 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/full/QeMgxx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rha1_St_9kw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI1CWzNtE-M

#Day 8: AUGUST 11, 2019 
Progress:
Still working on finding out about the issue of the scroll bar coming out when 
I resize the page using media querries. Playing around with the header section media querries and 
apply some breakpoints for different screen sizes. I also reviewed  basic git commands to practice pushing
files into a remote repository in github. Also started the boiler plate html files of the tech documentation 
project in FreeCodeCamp. 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/QeMgxx?editors=1100

#Day 9: AUGUST 12, 2019 
Progress:
Today I started to do semantics with the technical documentation project in Free Code Camp. Working on  fulfilling the user stories set
in the challenge. Planning to use bootstrap in making the project and apply the SCSS preprocessor to review concept on how to use SASS.
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/OKawWV?editors=1000

#Day 10: AUGUST 13, 2019 
Progress: Still working on the technical documentation. Working on fulfilling the User stories and validated the semantics. 
Read about agile and scrum for product development. Read some articles about full-stack, front-end, and a back-end developer. 
So that I would be more familiarize with what track I shouldtake and learn to master some of the skills needed for each of those roles.

#Day 11: AUGUST 14, 2019 
Progress: 
Still working on completing the technical documentation but also did a side project for making CSS loaders. found a great free tutorial 
from traversy media in youtube. Learned tha you can actually use "loremValue" to generate automatic lorem ipsum text.
I also learned how to do a fade in effect using
javaScript.
Link to work
CSSLoader1: https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/RwbrzMM
CSSloader2:https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/PoYZMPg?editors=1000 
CSSloader3:https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/XWrXvKg
Sample content with fadein effect: https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/GRKoVPR


#Day 12: AUGUST 15, 2019 
Progress: I've been playing around with animation of the technical documentation project. I also reviewed concepts of the 
BEM model, hoping to understand how I could further apply it to my projects. Looking into one of my previous project and
trying to find out how I can improve some of the glitches in the project. 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/OKawWV?editors=1100

#Day 13: AUGUST 16, 2019 
Progress:
Reviewed how to use bootstrap 4, found issues with extra white space, and found out that it's coming from the property top of my 
nav class. I've been playing around with the navbar and experiencing a lot of trial and error, trying to 
figure out how to fix it on the side for the user stories layout. watch REST APIs tutorials on youtube. 

#Day 14: August 17, 2019
Progress:
-Had plenty of work at school so doing some multitasking by watching and listening to a tutorial 
on how to make a tetris game with react js.

-Still working on the technical documentation project and found out 
that it was the simple ! that was causing me to fail the user story, 
Finally able to complete the semantics and user stories
requirements.

-Still working on understanding how APIs work. 
I'm also wondering about testing your
website in different browsers. So far I've only used chrome and
would like to be familiarize with the different browsers
from where you can test your website. 

-Doing some reading about the  
concrete definition of the difference between a website and a 
webapp.

https://modeeffect.com/key-differences-between-website-web-app/

-Trying to do some tweaks to one of my old project. Still
need to design a logo and adjust some of the colors plus some 
some parts such as the footer and the pop
up window I would still need to adjust some of the layout.
Wondering what does this security vulnerabilities mean in 
my dependencies going to need to read more about them. 

Planning to recreate this from scratch so that I could
remember and retain how I made it using SASS and use of the BEM 
methodology of naming classes. 


#Day 15: August 18, 2019
Progress:
Today I added some of the content of the JavaScript Technical
Documentation project I'm working on.

I did some tweaks with the old project card properties. Increased
the perspective from 20rem to 40rem to make the transition flip
of the card look more natural. Still need to think of a more suitable 
color for the spiderman theme that I want to achieve. Comments would be 
highly appreciated. 

#Day 16: August 19, 2019
Progress:
Reviewed difference between var, let, and const keywords.
ES6(ES2015): difference between a block scope variable and a function scope variable.
While working on the technical documentation and reading throught some of the materials.
Studied agile scrum backlog refinement on agile. Reviewed what are 
Global function and encapsulation. Practiced git commands again for retention and familiarization.
Watched free sample of machine learning in UDEMY.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgSjoHgy3Rk // difference of const, var, and let


#Day 17: August 21, 2019
Wondering how to combine this images same with how coderadio was 
able to do it. Working on placing it in my Technical documentation
project. Finally done with the content, now going to work on 
semantics and aesthetics of the project. Today I also saw 
job for front-end I also tried applying by sending my resume. Hoping 
to get a chance for the interview so that i can have more experience
in interviews related to front-end development.

https://designmodo.com/designer-vs-developer/
https://sites.google.com/a/enterprisehigh.org/webdev/core-standards
http://www.webtechlearning.com/jobs/web-designing-course-syllabus/


#Day 18: August 22, 2019
Progress: 
Worked on the technical docs and slowly moving forward and Reviewing the commands in git had problems with merging
from another branch to the master branch. Practiced the basic commands so that I can use git more often in my future projects. 
Also checked out github pages theme section. Watch Popsql and Mysql tutorials.installed mysql in my local computer.

59:23 popsql

PRIMARY Key
Surrogate Key
Natural Key
Foreign Key
	super_id (supervisor id)
	manager_id
Composite key - key needs two 
attributes. 
Supplier name doesn't uniquely
identify to each row.
The branch id doesn't uniquely
identify to each row.

They don't uniquely
identify to each row only 
together can they uniquely identify
to each row.

Only the combination of
branch and supplier is the
one that identifies a row.

Composites id that 
are foreign keys that makes 
up a primary key
which is a very useful way
to define a relationship
like how much  product has 
been bought by a client from
an employee.

The more complex are or your 
database schema.

Being able to use 
foreign keys in order to 
define different
relationships

Querries
set of instruction given to RDBMS

SQL BASICS
Language used for interacting
with Relational Database
Management.

Its not technically a 
programming language
but it can be used to give
instruction to RDBMS.


RDBMS is a piece of software that 
you can use to communicate with
a relational database.

You can use RDBMS to create
a database for an application
that you are building.

RDBMS can help ensure that you
store everything and structure it
the way you want it to be stored.


You will need to speak
to RDBMS with a language and that 
is not English. It does speak
the language called sql.

If we want to ask RDBMS to 
do something for us like
store a piece of information
create a table retrieve, or 
delete a content of the database.

SQL is four
different language
SQL is a hybrid language

Data Query language (DQL)
Data Definition Language(DDL)
Data Control Language(DCL)
Data Manipulation Language(DML)

SCRUM
SQL

Wath a version control is?

Standard task 

YOUR DAILY TASKS
Create things
Save things
Edit things
Save the thing again

Version control helps you
in the saving process
to identify when you did it,
why you did it and 
what the contents of the
change were open for review
anytime in the future.

You can describe
what the contents of the 
change were.

Change of a color
or adding a company logo.

For a single individual
It wont be difficult.

Time and versions.
Collaborative history tracking
Keeping track who change
it
when they change it
why they change it.

This actions of you and the team working. 
This is handled by a full pledge version system.

It can be during the same time with your team.
using the concept of merge.

Git is a fst and moerd implementation of version control. Very lightwieght and extremely fast
It provides you history of content changes. Can give you history of all the files 
that compose a project. Graphics design, and even programming code.
Git facilitates collaboragtive to files simulataneiously and then brigning them together for unified effect.

Git is easy to use for any type of knowledge worker. Equally serves designers and not only programmers.

https://dev.to/mattupham/how-to-get-your-first-software-engineering-job-focus-on-these-crucial-steps-4aom


#Day 19: August 23, 2019
Progress:
Continued with lessons in SQL and 
working on the technical documentation 
project.Trying to put a footer part with
moving image.

#Day 20: August 25, 2019
Progress:
Learned about CRUD, create retrieve/read, Update, Delete in MySql. 
Today I also learned how to use triggers what are delimeters.
Learned how to use joins and practiced using some SQL functions.
Learned about the ER Diagram.
Worked on the responsiveness of the technical documentation project.

#Day 21: August 26, 2019
Still tweaking some parts of the technical documentation. Found the
reason why the main-doc is overlapping. Gave some <br> 
in the code elements for spacing, and still working on how to assign
list-style to section ul elements. Started with my Portfolio project.

What is Unit testing?
How to apply in our application?
How can we implement unit testing?
Continous integration

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJc3YFgujdU&fbclid=IwAR1jOOkUp0f88e_rcNR1_9LajngWPTCMm1Ykczh_9viO4lrTJy55u4f629A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuS1gmsF6rI&fbclid=IwAR0sIcz4JrpNIKTbL1R7XvWnwQPYDdkBkKkxGsER-M09Up8908GaMOEAY2o


#Day 22: August 27, 2019
Finally able to use the modulus symbol and applied it in the 
typewriter project. Was able to make it type feeling so amaze 
with how this is made through javascript.

#Day 23: August 30, 2019
Lost my internet for 3 days just learned how to code some
if formulas in excel for a grading sheet that was requested
by my colleague in a school she's teaching. 
I also found an old cd for java programming tutorial
that I'll test out to learn java. Working on a logo too using
GIMP. Learned how to use the logo through DAVIES MEDIA tutorial.

#Day 24: August 31, 2019
Wans't able to 
post due to no INternet but Trying to figure out how to specifically 
print a range of cells
using an object and how to turn objects 
into command buttons in excel. Found a way on how to 
do it. I Was also able to find a way to have it print previewed.

#Day 25: September 1, 2019

R2D25September1,2019
Progress: Continued working on my "Portfolio Project" found
the reason why my navigation was not positioningg horizontally.
Was able to research about IIS. Need to review how to place
pictures in github to be used for thumbnails.


What is IIS?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VdxPWwtISA
FTP-Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd2k9nQSdro

#Day 26: September 2, 2019
PROGRESS: September 2, 2019
Studied some react native today, understood what
expo cli can be used for React Native Development, also 
still working with 
my portfolio project in codepen. Reviewed how to link
snapshots in codepen from github repository.

Stop lecture on Time: 4:52 REACT NATIVE CRASH COURSE

#Day 27: September 4, 2019
I wasn't able to code yesterday, today I'm still fulfilling the
project portfolio challenge in Freecodecamp and trying to apply the typewritter effect.

#Day 28: September 5, 2019
Wasn't able to post my progress yesterday due to losing my internet again.
Still continued with my portfolio project and trying to do some entity 
relationship on a project that I'm conceptualizing for an app using React Native.

#Day 29: September 6, 2019
Today I'm thinking on how to add scrollspy to my portfolio project, 
I was able to apply this before, and just want to remember how it is done
again. My greatest challenge in coding is on how I can retain the 
information so I try to go back to some projects that I've already done before
and practice doing them again. Still haven't applied the typewritter effect yet.
I'm procastinating because I want to first remember how to apply some of the other
projects were done so that i won't forget how to do them before moving forward to another
feature. 

#Day 30: September 8, 2019
I wasnt able to code yesterday due to a lot of work, today I just went on watching the 
react native crash course of Traversy media, I've been an avid fan of his tutorials
on youtube. Currently working on adding an image on the welcome-section of my page.
I'm looking for the reason why it's not occupying the white space. 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/qBWroVJ

#Day 31: September 9, 2019
Found the issue yesterday, it was the top: property of my project section, had to
turn it to 0px, it was the reason why the white space from the 
html element was showing up. Currently working on responsiveness of the welcome-section.

#Day 32: September 11, 2019
I'm not able to code today but I watched the ReactJS Crash Course of 
Traversy media 2019 and it really proves how much I still need to learn and 
understand especially when it comes to built in keywords in javascript and
some frameworks and how I could easily identify what are those keywords that 
are user-defined. This is where I sometimes get confused in tutorials 
that I'm watching. I'm going to work on further improving may logical
thinking, any tips would be highly appreciated. I understand learnign ReactJs
can really help me improve my front-end development skills.

Thoughts: 

So many terms that I still need to understand.

highorder array method.

I learned that ReactJs is the framework or library that facebook uses.

It is quite popular at present besides from angular

#Day 33: September 14, 2019
I wasn't able to post and code for three days been busy at work and I also
lost my internet again. Still working on the portfolio project. Today I read about 
an article about what http is and the different methods and I also created a repository
for the finish typewriter effect that I want to apply in my portfolio project. I also
made a github page for this sample typewritter effect I learned from 
Traversy media. 

https://rodprogramdev.github.io/typewritterEffect/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/http-and-everything-you-need-to-know-about-it/

#Day 34: September 15, 2019
Worked on applying the typewritter effect into my FCC Personal Portfolio Project
and currently having a problem with the height of the viewport user story 
I was using min-height as property that caused me to fail the user story. 
I removed some of the CSS loaders that I tested out for the project and instead
I'm trying to apply the JavaScript typewriter effect with a constructor function, 
prototype method. ES6 class.
Also worked on the media querries of each sections.

Today I worked on the Media querries:
from min-width:1200px
max-width: 800px
max-width: 500px


I learned that you can actually add some custom attributes in HTML5 as long as
we use data- we can then access them within the javaScript.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Howto/Use_data_attributes 

I also reviewed how to create the javascript typewriter effect 
using a constructor function with a method called type. I reviewed how to 
initialize that and how to convert it to ES6 class.

Link to work: 
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/abojJQx


#Day 35 September 17, 2019
I wasn't able to code yesterday, today I'm still working on improving
the responsiveness of my portfolio project, currently working at the 
welcome section, found some issues when media goes down to 200 when I
tested checking it out on mobile. Still working on the breakpoints.

issue with the grid-template-column
Found out that I needed to change the minmax property in my grid to
change its size and have the images in my cards center properly.

Checked my work on phone and it seems like the cards are already centered. I'm using 
an LG phone still going to work on the nav, welcome, and footer section for the 
responsiveness of the site.

#Day 36 September 18, 2019
Not that much coding today, but I did practice doing another heading using
css and how to center align some elements using transform. I also listened 
to the concept of fluid design using react js. 
I also watch 10 things all web developers should learn. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPMm4dJmSoM&feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6MCkGWSXa0


#Day 37 September 20, 2019
Reviewing how the Block Element Modifier(BEM) is applied in naming 
your classes. Also trying to understand the concept of interpolation.
Today I just updated some of the content of my WordPress free tutorial site.
Also still working on the responsiveness of my portfolio project. Currently
working on setting project-wide font definitions.

#Day 38 September 21, 2019
Work on completing my javaScript course and working on 
accomplishing the FreeCodeCamp javascript section.
Wondering why the escaping literal quotes not working. I was able to solve 
this issue. Still need to review BEM and practiced using it in each 
of my projects.

#Day 39 September 22, 2019
Today I'm reviewing basics of mysql and re-installed it
in one of my other computers. Still need to practice 
using it and I want to find ways on how to 
include it in my projects, 
so that I would be able to retain information.
I also 

continued the freecodecamp challenge for the Madlib project.
I understand that the function wordBlanks have parameters,
I just don't know how to call it accordingly based from
the challenge requirement. Testing out different syntax
to check how it would work?  

#Day 40 September 23, 2019
I found an interesting site that has a speechbubble effect
and wanted to learn how to do it. I also learned how to 
use the nth-of-type()selector today.
Developer tools very useful to identify issues for editing.Still need to understand 
how this works using the selector.
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/full/WNeLqJz (CSS Bubble Effect sample Project)

#Day 41 September 24, 2019
R2D41September24, 2019
I learned that I can concatenate parameters of a function by using the variables inside of the function then assigning it to another
variable to replace values of the variables using declared strings when you call on the functions. I would like to know if my explanation here is correct. 
I would like to ask anyone who could make a better description on how this actually works. made this work the concatenation with different syntax
really confused me, but interested to use google form and excel sheet in making an actual MADLIB project that can get data from different users going to work on that :) 
 
I also worked on how to create a horizontal CSS bubble effect.
https://codepen.io/rodrigo-lopez/pen/PoYVyqV?editors=1100
Table top 
Madlib project
https://github.com/jsoma/tabletop

#Day42: September 5, 2019
Today I just continued with my Basic JavaScript section
in Freecodecamp. 
Just not that much coding today, due to the need
to accomplish some work. 


#Day 43: October 1, 2019
Wasn't able to code for almost a week,
lost my internet and was just stuck in the house while
doing grades of my students. I practically just also
made presentations related to computer technology
while the internet connection was down for three days.
Made lectures about how to use both GIT and GITHUB, 
lectures on how to use virtual box, today just practice making
a logo using inkscape. I finally finished the excel gradesheet 
of my colleague. 

#Day44: October 2, 2019
Trying to solve the Standing nextInLine challenge in FCC.
Today I reviewed how to use git by adding
a section in the powerpoint presentation that I made that 
give instructions on how to use the --list command, 
the --help command, and the --config command of git. 
I also used the normal command line in Windows besides using
the terminal for using git in visual studio code. 

#Day45: October 3, 2019
Today i've been researching on how to better 
secure my projects, working on learning how to use 
digital signatures and even PIV cards for user
authentications. Wasn't able to code that much.

#Day46: October 4, 2019
Saw in the newsletters of FCC about TensorFlow for machine 
learning. Finally found a way to answer this challenge.
Moved on the lessons in JavaScript in FCC.

#Day47: October 5, 2019
Today just continued on working on finishing the javaScript
challenges in freecodecamp. Working on the Golf Challenge now.

#Day48: October 6, 2019
I forgot to greet these people from whom I learned a lot
in my journey into coding a happy teachers day. Bob Tabor, 
Jonas Schemedtt, Chris De Leon, Brad Traversy, Mr. Kallaway, 
Mr. Quincy (FCC)and other online Gurus that really helped me improve. 
I may not know them personally 
but at least throug their courses they helped me a lot in 
improving my skills. 

Read an artile about how to contribute to an open source project.
I want ot learn how to collaborate using git.

So far haven't used it for collaborating yet. 

https://css-tricks.com/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project/?fbclid=IwAR18XiF9N7FemLUIL6Qt-uV43X-fGjcTJcX4Mi397IuCs8G6U04cdUPYQZM

Ive been wondering how this Golf code really works. 

#Day49: October 9, 2019
I'm still studying how to fork and clone a repository so that 
I can start contributing to an open source project. 

Looked into Yarn and how to install dependencies. 
Been wondering what a PR means? It was actually just PULL Request.
Forks and Pull request 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OODDLyvePr8 Coding with steve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NrSWLQsDL4 Coding train

#Day50: October 12, 2019
Today I did a Yarn crash course from traversy, also check out some of the 
dependencies like, gulp, lodash. Haven't been able to use the npm package in my
projects because i'm still re-learning the basics. Having an issue with retention.
Currently reading through the documentation. 

I also Practice  pushing my local repository of folders and records in my 
github account using the command line in windows 7
I also got my freecodecamp certificate for responsive web design.

#Day51:October 14, 2019
Today I reviewed the open source project that I want to try and 
contribute to,I learned about figma and checked out on how to use
it to collaborate with team members. 

#Day52: October 15, 2019
I'v e decided to also start with the javascript 30 tutorial to create
some projects. Learned that you can use an attribute selector for 
javascript using the [] characters. Learned how to sue ES6 templates strings.
Studied the drum kit tutorial.

#Day53: October 23, 2019
Haven't been able to post lately, deen doing a lot 
of work. Just continued with the javaScript30 project 
DRUMKIT. I also program a gradesheet for our 
department in Excel that automatically changes 
colors based from basic requirements. 

#Day 54 Oct24,2019
Worked on finding vulnerabilities on my projects.

#Day 55 Nov1,2019
Still learning more about how to secure websites through 
learning about the different 
exploits that can be used against web application 
vulnerabilites also reviewed working on using a 
WEB SERVER like APACHE and some of its features like Mutillidae
and DVWA. 
Still researching these vulnerabilities in my github project.

#Day 56 Nov2,2019
Been reading on BETA websites projects.
I also checked on understanding the directories of files
and what the robots.txt is used for in PHPMYADMIN.
Still looking for the cause of some security concerns
in my repository, fascinated by how 
Cortana works in windows 10

#Day 57 Nov3,2019
Studied working on learning SQL for today, 
still working on understanding POST and GET methods
Learned about http encoder.

#Day 58 Nov 6,2019
Attended an AWS online conference.
Studied some components about SSH.
Security of the Cloud and Security Security in the cloud.
Learning application level security measures.
Network security Configuration management
Anything that you cant see touch and change or is Security of the cloud.
Anything that a customer can see touch and change is Security in the cloud.
Got an Idea about DDOS attacks. 

Checked the FCCmanila project website and wondering on whether I can help with the 
design for the page. 
Found out that you can actually use the Windows App calculator to calculate
Binary Decimal to Binary 

#Day 59 Nov 8, 2019
Still working on the open source project with FCCmanila,
tried clippath but not able to recreate the wave path smoothly.
Checking out other options with SVG.

#Day 60 Nov 11, 2019
Today I worked on testing out how to build the design
for the fccmanila header. Working on how to make the 
svg for the wave clip-path effect and working on the position
of the elements was having a problem in finding to place the image 
on top of the header background. Just placed the div element outside
of the header class and I was able to place the image on top, also worked
on the button element. Will also need to work on responsiveness.

#Day 61 Nov 13, 2019
Today tried GIMP for making SVG, there was actually no supported format.
Went to using INKSCAPE for the wave design.
Still working on the size and still experimenting with how to use svg.
Need to work on responsiveness when I get to learn how to apply the 
proper position.

#Day 62 Nov14, 2019
Today I learned that there is a generator for doing waves for SVG
Got to read the plan today section in the github repo, and found 
the necessary resources. Working on learning how to use YARN and other 
dependencies.
https://smooth.ie/blogs/news/svg-wavey-transitions-between-sections
https://www.producthunt.com/search?q=wave%20generator
https://getwaves.io/
